Add instructions for specifying image-name in CLI (#922)
astronomer/docs: astro/ci-cd.md

<TabItem value="custom">

> If your Astro project builds an image with additional build-time arguments, you need to define these build arguments using Docker's [`build-push-action`](https://github.com/docker/build-push-action).

Reviewer: Does the CLI change affect this wording? Imo at a minimum we should still include "Runtime"

Author: No I think this is fine

Author: Sorry, I thought this was a suggestion. In the old instructions we were first building a custom Runtime image, and then building a new image for deployment from that. This way we are only building one image. I am indifferent between `builds an image` and `builds a runtime image`

> If your Astro project builds an image with additional build-time arguments, you need to define these build arguments using Docker's [`build-push-action`](https://github.com/docker/build-push-action).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your Astro project image includes additional build-time arguments, use the Docker build-push-action to define them. See [`build-push-action`](https://github.com/docker/build-push-action).
```

#### Prerequisites

To complete this setup, you need:

> - An Astro project that builds an image with additional build-time arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An Astro project that builds a custom Runtime image with additional build-time arguments.
```
Is it the project building the image, or the GitHub action? Based on the yaml below, it seems like the action. Maybe instead of "builds" we could say "requires"?

Author: The github action does the build, I think "requires" is a better choice of words

Author: It doesn't sound right though:

"An Astro project that requires a custom Runtime image with additional build-time arguments."

Maybe:

"An Astro project that requires a custom Runtime image that is built with additional build-time arguments."
